Document renaming generic type names (#30)
oxidecomputer/openapi-lint: README.md

}
```

#### Generic Type Names

Note that when a type is generic, the default type names `schemars` emit are 

> *not* `PascalCase`. For example, for a type like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when a type is generic, the default type names `schemars` emits are 
*not* `PascalCase`. For example, for a type like:
```

```rust
#[derive(JsonSchema)]
struct MyGenericThing<T>{ 
    value: T,
}
```

if a `MyGenericThing<bool>` occurs in the OpenAPI document, `scehmars` will

> name its schema `MyGenericThing_for_Boolean`, which falls afoul of this rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if a `MyGenericThing<bool>` occurs in the OpenAPI document, `scehmars` will
name its schema `MyGenericThing_for_Boolean`, which fails the PascalCase check.
```

When this happens, use the [`#[schemars(rename = "...")]` attribute][rename] to

> rename the type to `PascalCase`. This attribute supports interpolating the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this happens, use the [`#[schemars(rename = "...")]` attribute][rename] to
rename the type. This attribute supports interpolating the 
```
